Docs update (#60)
krr-up/python-project-template: docs/reference/cli/index.md

---
icon: material/code-greater-than
---

# CLI

You can access all of fillname's features over the command-line interface (CLI).

> This page details all available features and how to use them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access all of fillname's features via the command-line interface (CLI).
This page details the available commands and usage, while the --help option provides command documentation.
```
